hello and welcome back to spam TV okay
today we've got an exclusive we'd like
to talk about and definitely something a
spank amar asked all the time namely
emerging toward the biggest connections
out into one single box we'd like to
talk about Q naps new Thunderbolt 2
enabled Nash the TV s dash 871 t ok this
was recently announced at the NAB Show
in Las Vegas se National Association of
Broadcasters earlier last month and it's
basically and to put it we know nice and
straight forward for you it's both a
dash and a nice box s network attached
storage and direct attached storage via
both a Gigabit LAN port and thunderbolt
to that 20 gigabits per second
connection available to the majority of
max new max I should say now the box
itself arrives with the option of an icy
or an i7 processor on board both very
good connections and it's going to be
both windows and mac compatible and both
interfaces the gigabit lan and
Thunderball can be used simultaneously
as someone will talk about a little bit
more in this video and the body is going
to be available in both 4 & 8 bay unit
so that's the ATM 1471 t units will have
front mentok front-mounted LCD panels
shown real time information about the
drives inside and the box in general
this value of on a lot of the enterprise
class qnap it's going to have to stun
about to port so for daisy chaining and
access generally via aim at connection
obviously or a thunderbolt one and able
windows device and give you enough
access to it for real time reading and
writing those big 4k files as well as
transmitting them of your network now
this coupled with virtualization qh big
thing about setting up multiple os's RS
is on a box coupled with that Thun about
two connection give you a whole host of
connectivity with this box and potential
to really make the most of that network
connection at the same time obviously
this box is also going to have USB 3
ports but once you're thinking about
Thunderbolts 3 ports as well
stand about to you really can be
weighing up where most of your weights
going to fall behind never at osan USB 3
port i should add our USB 3.1 but then
if you've got thunderbolt 2 you're
already overshadowing the speed benefits
of USB 3.1 qnet themselves have paint a
little picture on their website just how
having simultaneous connections of
Thunderbolt and nows can really be a
benefit to a great many people out there
and particularly those photo and video
it is out there so to give you an
example so you're a photographer and you
take some photos on your high spec
Cameron you bring them back by your
memory stick or whatever now you can
upload those files on directly onto the
nurse from your workstation and edit
them as you go now those files are going
to be living on the net which means that
as you edit those files directly and
doing everything you need to do with
them in real time those files are still
going to be accessed by everyone on the
network who needs them this gives us a
larger degree of productivity and access
that hence people deter people didn't
have bright at this point so a
thunderbolt and as enabled box gives so
much potential to people out there that
need to utilize and share their data
very very quickly indeed and that about
that it the qnap thunderbolt box will be
available in june of this year all the
units are going to be available and all
the different kinds of RAM apparently is
four and eight gb available will be
detailed on span com shortly and
available for purchase thanks for
watching if you want to know what else
is going on in the wonderful world of
data storage and maybe honor you've got
a few questions for us at span comment
indeed and EV nevertheless don't forget
to click like subscribe at the end of
this video this video and all the ones
like it exists to help you know we don't
add to help you if you don't know what
you like thanks for watching